Conditional Populators (#86)
teamneusta/converter-bundle: docs/usage.md

  arguments: [ '@my.converter', 'convert' ]
```

### Conditional Populators

> Sometimes you want to populate but not in any case but under special circumstances. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you want to populate, but not in every case, only under certain circumstances.
```

Therefore, we offer the `ConditionalPopulator`.

This populator allows you to define a condition under which the population -
implemented in another populator - should be done.
So, the decoration pattern is used here:

```yaml
my.conditional.populator:
    public: true
    class: Neusta\ConverterBundle\Populator\ConditionalPopulator
    arguments:
        $populator: '@my.populator'
        $condition: '@my.condition'
```

The condition is a Closure that could e.g., be created by the `ClosureFactory`:

```yaml
my.condition:
    class: Closure

>     factory: [ '@My\Condition', 'checkCondition' ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    class: Closure
    factory: [Closure, fromCallable]
    arguments: [['@My\Condition', 'checkCondition']]
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!TIP]
> If your [Service is invokable, and you use Symfony 6.1+](https://symfony.com/doc/6.4/service_container.html#injecting-a-closure-as-an-argument) you don't need to specify an extra service. 
> You can directly use it like this:
>
> ```yaml
> my.conditional.populator:
>     public: true
>     class: Neusta\ConverterBundle\Populator\ConditionalPopulator
>     arguments:
>         $populator: '@my.populator'
>         $condition: !closure '@my.condition'
> ```****

```

Sometimes you want to populate, but not in every case, only under certain circumstances.
Therefore, we offer the `ConditionalPopulator`.

This populator allows you to define a condition under which the population -
implemented in another populator - should be done.
So, the decoration pattern is used here:

```yaml
my.conditional.populator:
    public: true
    class: Neusta\ConverterBundle\Populator\ConditionalPopulator
    arguments:
        $populator: '@my.populator'
        $condition: '@my.condition'
```

The condition is a Closure that could e.g., be created by the `ClosureFactory`:

```yaml
my.condition:
    class: Closure
    factory: [Closure, fromCallable]
    arguments: [['@My\Condition', 'checkCondition']]
```

> [!TIP]
> If your [Service is invokable, and you use Symfony 6.1+](https://symfony.com/doc/6.4/service_container.html#injecting-a-closure-as-an-argument) you don't need to specify an extra service. 
> You can directly use it like this:
>
> ```yaml
> my.conditional.populator:
>     public: true
>     class: Neusta\ConverterBundle\Populator\ConditionalPopulator
>     arguments:
>         $populator: '@my.populator'
>         $condition: !closure '@my.condition'

> > ```****

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ```
```
